Description
===========
Installs and configures the Mumble server Murmur.

Requirements
============

## Platforms

* Debian, Ubuntu

Tested on:
* Ubuntu 12.04.1

Attributes
==========

The following attributes are autogenerated and must be set to prevent subsequent chef-client runs from regenerating their values.
* node['mumble']['serverpassword'] - Must be set to nil or the server password of your choice. This must be nil if you wish to use user registration.
* node['mumble']['ice']['secretread'] - Must be set to nil or the password of your choice.
* node['mumble']['ice']['secretwrite'] - Must be set to nil or the password of your choice.

The following attribute is autogenerated, and can optionally be set.
* node['mumble']['superuser']['passwd'] - Must be set to nil or the password of your choice.

Recipes
=======

default
-------
Installs and configures mumur.

Usage
=====

Changes/Roadmap
===============
## v0.1.0:

* Create attributes to make a more flexible cookbook.

License and Author
==================

Author:: AJ Christensen
Author:: Ryan Hass (<ryan at invalidchecksum d o t net>)

Copyright 2012, AJ Christensen
Copyright 2012, Ryan Hass

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
